ci(docker): latest tag publishing (#59)
spiral/roadrunner-binary: CHANGELOG.md

## 👀 New:

- ✏️ Json-schemas for the config file v2.0 (it also registered in [schemastore.org](https://github.com/SchemaStore/schemastore/pull/1614))

> - ✏️ `latest` docker image tag is supported now (but we strongly recommend using a versioned tag (like `1.2.3`) instead)

Author: ```suggestion
- ✏️ `latest` docker image tag is supported now (but we strongly recommend to use a versioned tag (like `1.2.3`) instead)
```
